Fix optimizedAddCap of non-dispatchable sources (#498)
rl-institut/mvs_eland: docs/simulating_with_the_mvs.rst

There can only be a single Json file in your input folder.
As some parameters in the Json file link to a time series provided as a CSV,
the folder "time_series" should be present in your input folder, as clarified in the next section.

> Time series: time_series folder

Author: @smartie2076  could you please, during your review, check this section, as I might not be up-to-date. thank you

Reviewer: Yeah, this part is interesting. Currently, we actually devided for the EPA that the timeseries should already be included in the json file. This is currently not the case. Still, maybe you can move this section below the section that describes the csv inputs?

Author: Okay, so I also deleted the mentioning of json files in this section.

###############################
As some parameters in the Json file or csv files link to a time series provided as a CSV,
the folder "time_series" should be present in your input folder
and provide all necessary input time series. This can include for example PV generation

> time series and demand time series. You can provide them as absolute time series or as
> normalized time series (unit: kWh/kWp). For the latter, make sure that time series of non-dispatchable
> sources only contain values between zero and one ([0, 1]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time series and demand time series. 
* The time series describing a non-dispatchable demand or when a time series defines an otherwise scalar value of a parameter (eg. energy price), the timeseries can have any absolute values. 
* For non-dispatchable sources, eg. the generation of a PV plant, you need to provide a specific time series (unit: kWh/kWp, etc.). For the latter, make sure that its values are between zero and one ([0, 1]).
```
